'Security' section with all topics (#416)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/security/security-principles.md

## General Security Principles

1. Use a Virtual Private Network (VPN):

    - Whenever accessing sensitive data or resources, especially over public networks, use a <abbr title="Virtual Private Network">VPN</abbr> to establish a secure connection that safeguards your information.

2. Use a firewall for network protection:

    - Strengthen home and/or office networks by setting up a firewall that helps to counter unauthorized access and protect the connected devices from viruses and malware.

3. Secure physical and digital information:

    - Safeguard physical documents containing sensitive information in a secure location, and ensure digital documents are encrypted and stored in password-protected folders.

4. Keep Regular Data Backups:

    - Always have copies of your important information saved somewhere safe. This way, if you lose your data or something goes wrong, you can quickly get everything back on track. Keep these backups in a different secure place from where you usually keep your data.

## Security Principles for Individual Users

1. Adopt robust authentication rules:

    - Utilise strong and unique passwords for all accounts.

    - Never reuse passwords.

>     - Set up <abbr title="Two-Factor Authentication">2FA</abbr> whenever possible. <abbr title="Two-Factor Authentication">2FA</abbr> improves the overall security by necessitating not only a password but an additional factor such as an <abbr title="One-Time Password">OTP</abbr>, fingerprint, or a third-party app-based authentication (e.g., Google Authenticator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set up <abbr title="Two-Factor Authentication">2FA</abbr> whenever possible. <abbr title="Two-Factor Authentication">2FA</abbr> improves the overall security by not only requiring a password, but also an additional factor such as an <abbr title="One-Time Password">OTP</abbr>, fingerprint, or a third-party app-based authentication (e.g., Google Authenticator).
```

    - Consider independently researching the individuals or organizations you are communicating with to confirm the legitimacy of their identity.

    - Be mindful of the personal information you share on social media platforms, as malicious parties can exploit this information.

## Security Principles for Organisations

1. Establish clear security policies and procedures:

    - Develop well-defined security policies and protocols for all employees dealing with sensitive data. Thoroughly train employees to adhere to these guidelines, mitigating the risk of negligent actions.

    - Ensure that security policies are accessible to all employees and are regularly reviewed and updated to reflect changing security landscapes.

    - Provide the security policies with examples and scenarios to make them more relatable and actionable for employees.

2. Cultivate employee awareness:

    - Educate employees about data and operational security measures. Heightened awareness and comprehensive training are pivotal in fortifying organizational security.

    - Encourage employees to report any suspicious activities or security concerns promptly.

3. Protect physical infrastructure:

>     - Restrict physical entry to servers and infrastructure. Set up access controls that only let the authorized personnel to enter restricted areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Restrict physical entry to servers and infrastructure. Set up access controls that only allow authorised personnel to enter restricted areas.
```
